🐬Containerize anki-sync-server (#3036)
ankitects/anki: docs/syncserver/README.md

# Building and running Anki sync server in Docker

> This is an example Dockerfile contributed by an Anki user, which shows how we can run Self-Hosted Sync Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example Dockerfile contributed by an Anki user, which shows how you can run a self-hosted sync server,
```

similar to what AnkiWeb.net offers

> Building and running Anki Sync Server within a container has the advantage of fully isolating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building and running the sync server within a container has the advantage of fully isolating
```

the build products and runtime dependencies from the rest of your system.

## Requirements

- [x] [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/)

# Building image

> By default docker buildx use the following version `ANKI_VERSION=23.2.1` by just running the below you should be able to build your own image:

Reviewer: Users will forget to update the version. I'd recommend you make it a required input, and don't give it a default.

```bash

> # Ensure you are running this command inside /docs/server

Reviewer: This doesn't match the folder name.

docker build --no-cache -t anki-sync-server .
# Alternatively, you can specify version of your choice
docker build --no-cache --build-arg ANKI_VERSION=<tag> -t anki-sync-server .
```

# Run container

Once done with build, we can proceed with running this image with the following command:

```bash
# this will create anki server with default variables
# SYNC_USER1:admin:admin and you can bind host port of your choice
docker run -d -p 8080:8080 --name anki-sync-server anki-sync-server
```

> However if you want to have multiple users, you must pass environment variable `SYNC_USERS` as follows `SYNC_USERS=user:user user2:user2 user3:user3 usern:usern` separated by space.

Reviewer: I'd recommend you don't set a default username/password either. Better to force the user to choose something unique.

Why not reuse SYNC_USER1/SYNC_USER2 etc? Creating a separate env var that's treated differently from the non-docker version has the potential to cause some user confusion.
